EBLINUX-26196: Update initrd-generator docs (#24)
Elektrobit/ebcl_template: docs/images/params.md

- **packages** _(boot/initrd/root/config)_  \[default: None \]: A list of packages.
For the _root generator_, these packages are installed in the base _deboostrap_ environment.

> For the _initrd generator_, these packages will be downloaded and extracted to the resuling _initrd.img_.

Reviewer: one typo and maybe something like:
```suggestion
For the _initrd generator_, these packages will be downloaded, extracted and integrated into the resutling _initrd.img_.
```
